+++
title = "Core of **Science**"
template = "section.html"
+++

A non profit organization dedicated to science.

Our mission is to promote training in data science for research, technology and
innovation.

## Projects

### Bio-data lab

Our bio data lab is a platform that...

### Margaret

Our margaret project does this and that.

### python-sap

Our python sap package does this and that.

### Solutions around higher education challenges because of the COVID pandemic

The objective of this project is the training of data scientists through courses
in datacamp and incentives in scholarships by Core of Science and Universidad
Católica Luis Amigó. The Core of Science corporation will give $10,000,000
Colombian pesos in contracts to those with the best datacamp and GitHub
performance. The data generated by these two platforms will allow us to
understand social learning processes in a post-COVID era and train data
scientists.

### Tree of Science

Tree of Science (ToS) is an integrated web-based platform for a comprehensive
recommendation of scientific literature. Tree of Science shows the papers in the
shape of a tree where seminal papers are in the roots, structural papers are in
the trunk, and recent literature is in the leaves. Nowadays, we are working on
an R package to merge Scopus and WoS data sets to create the Tree of Science.

[https://github.com/coreofscience/tosr](https://github.com/coreofscience/tosr)

## Events

### UCLA

Some description.

Some date to some date, Online.

### BIOS

Some description.

Some date to some date, Online.
