---
layout: "../layouts/Markdown.astro"
title: "**People**"
description: "they make **this possible**"
---

## GUILLERMO ROJAS-QUICENO

Guillermo Rojas Quiceno is an electrical engineer and doctor in education
sciences, with experience in topics of education, human sciences, suicide, good
living and creativity. He is the author of several books and academic articles,
among them “Happiness and Good Living Index”, “Hostages of Fear” and “Creative
Processes in Qualitative Research II”. He currently works as a teacher and
researcher at the University of Cauca, Colombia, where he has directed and
participated in various undergraduate and graduate projects. He has also been a
jury and peer evaluator of research works in the national and international
scope. His interest focuses on the generation of knowledge and proposals that
contribute to human and social development, from a critical and transformative
perspective.

Guillermo Rojas Quiceno is the director of Core of Science.

## SEBASTÍAN ROBLEDO

Sebastian Robledo is an Assistant Professor of Marketing at Universidad Nacional
de colombia.

He received his PhD in engineering from the Universidad Nacional de Colombia,
Colombia.

He is the scientific director of Core of Science, a spin-off development from
his doctoral research.

[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=RGUTAfEAAAAJ&hl=en)
[Cvlac](http://scienti.colciencias.gov.co:8081/cvlac/visualizador/generarCurriculoCv.do?cod_rh=0001430153)

## MARTHA ZULUAGA

Martha Zuluaga has a Bachelor's Degree in Biology and Chemistry, a Master's
Degree in Chemistry, and a Ph.D. in Biomedical Sciences.

Her main research area is metabolomics, which she has applied in human exposure
to pesticides, bioprospecting studies in the cosmetic and food industry, and
Chemoinformatics. She is currently a professor of Chemistry and Chemometrics.

[Google Scholar](https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=0DQG-40AAAAJ&hl=en)
[Cvlac](http://scienti.colciencias.gov.co:8081/cvlac/visualizador/generarCurriculoCv.do?cod_rh=0001245368)

## OSCAR ARBELÁEZ

Oscar Arbeláez is a Computational Physicist and Full Stack software developer.

In science his main area of interest is computational materials science and FAIR
data, in Software Engineering he cares about continuous integration and delivery
as well as other automated operations.

Within the Core of Science organization, Oscar tries to help productize the
research tools produced by members of the team and the community in order to
make them more accessible to the general public.

[Github](https://github.com/odarbelaeze)
[Orcid](https://orcid.org/0000-0002-3097-9438)
